(DOCSP-19614): Java and Kotlin SDK cleanup (#1999)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/java/data-types/realmany.txt

.. versionadded:: 10.6.0

You can use the :java-sdk:`RealmAny <io/realm/RealmAny.html>` data type to create
Realm object fields that can contain any of several
underlying types. You can store multiple ``RealmAny`` instances in
``RealmList``, ``RealmDictionary``, or ``RealmSet`` fields. To change
the value of a ``RealmAny`` field, assign a new ``RealmAny`` instance

> with a different underlying value. In Sync backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with a different underlying value. In App Services backend
```

maybe this more accurate?
